chore: add core-js@3 example in readme (#5633)
nuxt/nuxt: packages/babel-preset-app/README.md

* **spec** - '[@babel/preset-env](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env#spec)' parameter
* **targets** - '[@babel/preset-env](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env#targets)' parameter
* **useBuiltIns**, default `"usage"` - '[@babel/preset-env](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env#usebuiltins)' parameter
* **corejs**, default `{ version: 2 }` - '[@babel/preset-env](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env#corejs)' parameter

There are [detailed docs](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/babel-preset-env#options) for the parameters of '@babel/preset-env'.

### Example 1. Change targets for server and client respectively

```js
export default {
  build: {
    babel: {
      presets({ isServer }) {
        return [
          [
            "@nuxt/babel-preset-app",
            {
              targets: isServer
                ? { node: "current" }
                : { browsers: ["last 2 versions"], ie: 11 }
            }
          ]
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Example 2. Use core-js@3

> **NOTE**: Make sure that all dependencies have upgraded to use core-js@3, because if core-js@2 and core-js@3 are both depended, babel may resolve incorrect core-js package which is hoisted by yarn/npm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: Make sure that all dependencies have been upgraded to use core-js@3. If core-js@2 and core-js@3 are both dependent, babel may resolve incorrect core-js package which is hoisted by yarn/npm.
```
